Term entry swiftui tracking (#1685)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/viewmodifier/terms/tracking/tracking.md

---
Title: '.tracking()'
Description: 'Modifies the spacing of the characters in a Text view.'
Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'iOS'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Modifiers'
  - 'Xcode'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`.tracking()`** modifier method modifies the spacing of the characters in a [`Text`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/text) view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.tracking()`** modifier method <alters or adjusts> the spacing of the characters in a [`Text`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/text) view.
```

Can we change there verb here to one of the two options I provided?

Author: I changed it to adjust.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> Text("Some text")

Reviewer: Yes, I actually much prefer this way of showing the syntax for the ViewModifiers. I'm going to create an issue to amend these for the other existing entries that don't already following this structure if you would be down to take that on. But no pressure, if not, I can go ahead and make that edit myself but do lmk!

Author: Sure, I can do that!

    .tracking(x)
```

> The `.tracking()` modifier method takes one parameter, `x`, entered as an integer to define the space to be added to or deducted from each character's default spacing in `pt` (points). SwiftUI applies the system's default value if `x` is given `0` as a value or no parameter is given. A positive value for `x` results in additional spacing, whereas a negative value results in decreased spacing.

Reviewer: Can we break this down into an unordered list?

Author: I updated it to a bullet list. 👍🏻

> **Note:** `.tracking()` is not the same as `.kerning()`. Although both the `.tracking()` and `.kerning()` modifier methods modify the spacing of the characters, they behave differently. `.tracking()` will pull apart the ligatures and does not leave trailing whitespace, while `.kerning()` will maintain ligatures and leaves some trailing whitespace.

## Example

> In the example below, the `.tracking()` modifier method is called on three `Text` views with decreased, default and increased tracking values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `.tracking()` modifier method is called on three `Text` views with decreased, default, and increased tracking values.
```

Oxford comma (Docs style preference)
